(Music) Hi everyone.
My name is Thomas Claudius Huber, and welcome to my course,
Using Git for Source Control in Visual Studio 2019.
I am a software developer and I build applications
mainly with Visual Studio and .NET.
In this course,
you will learn how to use Git for source control in Visual Studio 2019.
Git is a very popular distributed version control system.
Distributed means that you have a full copy of the
repository locally on your machine.
This allows you to work locally,
and when you are done you synchronize your local repository
with a remote repository that you can store,
for example, on GitHub or Azure DevOps.
You will learn in this course how to use Git in Visual Studio 2019
while building a .NET application in a small team.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include
creating and cloning Git repositories,
committing and pushing changes to a remote repository,
working with branches and tags, including matching and rebasing branches,
and handling pull requests.
By the end of this course,
you will know how to use Git in Visual Studio 2019 to track your code
changes and to collaborate successfully in a team.
Before beginning the course, you should be familiar with the basics of Git.
But as you work in this course on a .NET project in a small team,
you should even be able to follow along without any prior Git knowledge.
I hope you will join me on this journey to learn about how to
use Git in Visual Studio 2019 with the Using Git for Source Control in Visual Studio 2019 course, at Pluralsight.